# curious
I am just curious
I am a self-taught film director. Now, in film directing, there are 3 categories of film directors - performance director, technical director, and art director. Although one can can be a jack of all the 3 trades, in most situations, one can only be a master of 1. On set, I have faced many challenges, especially technical, since I am a master of technical directing. I have mostly worked on low-budget film and there is this issue with sound that I have always faced. I prefer recording sound externally using either an external handy recorder microphone or a mobile phone microphone mounted on a mobile phone. I do this to avoid limitation of distance between the source of sound (the action of a cast/actor in this case) and the camera, especially when I want to achieve an extremely long/distant shot. I know there is the option of a boom microphone mounted on a boom pole but that hardly works in this case. I also want to achieve lip-sync while avoiding Automatic Dialogue Replacement (ADR) in post-production. Now, a problem comes about during editing; synchronization of sound with action. I was thinking... How about I come up with an app that connects my Canon EOS 250D camera and my mobile phone such that I can start recording using only one button instead of having to press the camera recording start button and also the mobile phone microphone start recording button separately? My camera uses DryOS Operating System and my mobile phone uses Android Operating System. Although there are many apps that can connect an Android device to a DryOS device, none of them has this feature. So my question is, do I have to understand both DryOS software development and Android sofware development in order to come up with such an app or I only need to understand Android software development?
